# Catrina
A framework for web apps. Catrina includes his self libraries CSS and javascript. The API search to be easy and make light final files.

In this moment is only available for Linux systems, but you can compile for your OS whit the source in **cmd** directory.

## Install (Linux only)

Download the last version: https://github.com/PROMUEVETE-QUERETARO/catrina/releases. Extract files and execute **install.sh** file.

```shell
# ./install.sh
```

This script edit the **/etc/bash/bash.bashrc** file and add catrina to $PATH.

## Start project

```shell
$ catrina new myProject
```

This command make a new directory with the name of the project and the libraries includes in catrina.

### Configuration

The catrina's configuration will read to **catrina.config.json** file. You can set this configuration using the wizard setup was run after `catrina new` command or make yourself the file.

The file's structure is the next (the values are examples):

```json
{
  "inputFileJS": "./src/main.js",
  "inputFileCSS": "./src/styles.css",
  "deployPath": "./deploy",
  "finalFileJS": "main.js",
  "finalFileCSS": "styles.css",
  "serverPort": ":9095"
}
```

* inputFileJS: initial javascript file where you write your code.
* inputFileCSS: initial CSS file where you write your code.
* deployPath: directory where you want build the final files. This directory will used for proof server (command  `catrina run`).
* finalFileJS: name of final javascript file generated by catrina.
* finalFileCSS: name of final CSS file generated by catrina.
* serverPort: port where proof server will be started (command `catrina run`).

***Important***: *deploy path and input path can be the same directory, but the final files must have a different names than the inputs files.*

## Build project

Catrina 

```shell
$ catrina build
```

## Start server

Run a proof server in deploy path defined in configuration file.

```shell
$ catrina run
```

## Update standard library

If you want actualized the standard library in a project run the next command. 


```sh
$ catrina update lib
```

**Note**: this action delete other libraries installed in the project.

## Update catrina

Run the update tool with the next command:

```sh
$ catrina-update
```

## TODO
* import from src directory (included in  `catrina build`)
* run extra scripts (included in `catrina build`)
* install extra js libraries (`catrina install <path>`)
* compile for Windows
* compile for WebAssembly
* compile for OSX

## Version
1.1.0.9

